about approximately
abstract  summary
accomplish achieve
accumulate build up
administer manage
admit  confess
almost  nearly
animated  lively
annoy  irritate  bother
answer reply
anyway  besides
apparent  obvious
appear seem
applicable  relevant
appreciable considerable
ardour  passion
arise occur
aromatic  fragrant
arrive reach
artful  crafty
association organization
assure guarantee
attractive  appealing
away  absent
awful terrible
backbone  spine
backside  behind  bottom
bad poor  naughty
ballot poll
beat defeat
becoming  fitting
begin  start
behave act
believable  plausible
belly stomach
bendy flexible
beneficiant generous
beneficial  favourable
bid tender
bizarre weird
blameless innocent
bloodbath massacre
bloodless cold
branch  department
brave courageous
brow  forehead
bum backside  behind  bottom
business  commerce  trade
candy sweet
categorize classify categorise
charter constitution
cheesy  corny  tacky
chiefly mainly
choosy  picky
chop cut
chorus  refrain
citation  quotation
cite quote
class lesson  course
clerk receptionist
clever  intelligent
close  shut
coiffure  hairstyle
collect  gather
comfort consolation
comic comedian
commencement  graduation
complete  total
completely  totally
concord harmony
condemn  sentence
confederate accomplice
confine  restrict
conflict  clash
conform  comply
connect  associate
considerate thoughtful
constancy fidelity
constant  fixed
constitution  structure
contemporary  modern
continuous  continual
contrary  opposite
convention  conference
convey communicate
cope manage
correct right
couch sofa
crook criminal
crusade campaign
cube  dice
curative  healing
curler  roller
cussed  stubborn
dash  sprint
daybreak  dawn
deceptive misleading
decontrol deregulate
dedicated committed
deduce infer
defective faulty
deliberate  planned
deliberately  intentionally
delicate  fragile
demostrate protest
denationalize  privatize denationalise 
denims  jeans
denote indicate  represent
deprave  corrupt
depraved  wicked  evil
desert abandon
deserted  abandoned
destiny fate
detached  indifferent
devil satan
dicy  risky
differentiate  distinguish
diminish decrease
disadvantaged deprived
disagreeable  unpleasant
disappear  vanish
disaster  catastrophe
disclaim deny
disclose reveal
discount  reduction
disgrace  shame
domesticate cultivate
dossier file
dubious doubtful
eager keen
earth soil
ecocnomic profitable
egocentric  selfish
elevate  raise  promote
emphasise  stress
encounter  come across
enormous  huge  immense
enquire  investigate
equity  fairness
especially  particularly
essential fundamental
evaluate assess
everlasting eternal
exactly precisely
extra additional
fabricate  manufacture
famous  famed  renowned
fanatic enthusiast
fantastic great  brilliant
float  drift
fool  idiot
foolish silly
forehead  brow
foretell predict
formerly  previously
fortunate lucky
foxy  cunning
foyer lobby
fragrance perfume
function operate
garbage rubbish
gay homosexual
glitter  sparkle
grab seize
grasping  greedy
gratuity  tip
gravestone  headstone
grouse grumble
gut intestine
hall  corridor
handsome  good-looking
hang-out  haunt
happily fortunately
hard  tough
hashish cannabis
hawk peddle
hazard endanger
hearsay rumour
hermetic  airtight
highbrow  intellectual
hint  trace  tip
hole  gap
home  domestic
homicide  murder
housebreaking burglary
hunger  starvation
hurry  rush
hypothesis  speculation
idler loafer
if  whether
ignore disregard
illiberal intolerant
illuminate clarify
illustrate demonstrate
imagine  suppose  assume
imitate  mimic
immediate instant
immobile  motionless
immoderate  excessive
immodest  conceited
impact affect
impartial neutral
impasse deadlock
impassive emotionless
impeach  question
impediment  obstacle
imperative  vital
impolite  rude
inconsiderate thoughtless
indisputable  indeniable
infamous  notorious
infantile childish
infect contaminate
inflexible  rigid
inflow  influx
informal  casual
infrequent  rare
inheritor heir
innocent  harmless
insolvent bancrupt
inspect  examine
instinct  intuition
instructions  directions
insufferable  unbearable
insufficient  inadequate
insupportable intolerable
insurgent rebel
intellectual  mental
intend mean
intensify  heighten
interplay interaction
inventory stock
invoice bill
ivolve entail
isolated  loney
jealous envious
joy delight
knowingly deliberately
lacking missing
last  final
leading main
learn  memorize
legitimate  valid  lega
lethal  deadly
liveable  habitable
livid furious
loopy crazy
lousy awful
lucid clear
madness insanity
magican conjuror
magnify  exaggerate
maintain preserve
manmade artifical
mannequin model
material  fabric
matters things
maybe perhaps  possibly
measure degree
meeting assembly
mendacity lying
merciless cruel
middleman intermediary
midway  halfway
migrate  emigrate
mild  gentle
mimic  imitate
mind  intellect
mindless  senseless
minimize play down
mirror reflect
misconceive  misunderstand
miserable depressing
misery  distress
misread misinterpret
missing lost
mistrust  distrust
mo  moment
moderately  reasonably
modern  contemporary
movie film
murderer  assassin
naked bare
nameless  anonymous
napkin  serviette
narrate  relate
narrative story
native  local
near approach
necessary essential
nightfall dusk
nobility  aristocracy
nominate appoint
non-stop  continuous
noon  midday
noted famous
notify inform
notwithstanding however
nugatory  worthless
numerous many
obdurate  stubborn
object  thing
obligatory  compulsory
oblique indirect
omnipotent  all-powerful
operate  function
organic biological
ornament  decoration
outside external
overhaul overtake
overlook miss
overseas  abroad
oversee  supervise
painting  portray
particular  specific
passable  satisfactory
pattern sample
peaceable peaceful
perception  insight
phantasm  illusion
poisonous toxic
possibility opportunity
post-mortem autopsy
practically virtually
praise  compliment
precedence  priority
precept principle
precis  summary
pressing  urgent
previous  preceding
priority  precedence
prompt  immediate
prosperous  affluent
provide  supply
provided  if
quake  tremble
quite fairly
reasonable  fair
receive  get
refrain chorus
reliable  dependable
religious devout
remark  comment
reminiscence  memory
remorse regret
remoted isolated
removable detachable
renew  resume
repute  reputation
respond  reply
revolting disgusting
rubbish nonsense
rude  impolite
rue  regret

sacristy  vestry
satisfied convinced
scarcity  shortage
scrumptious delicious
second  moment
select choose
selection choice
self-assured  confident
signal  sign
significant meaningful
silly foolish
sincere honest
skull cranium
soiled  dirty
spotlight highlight
stable  steady
steady  regular
stupid  silly
substantially considerably
suggest propose
sundown sunset
sunrise dawn
sure  certain
surroundings  environment
survive  outlive
symbolize  represent
tailored  tailor-made
temper  mood
terror  terrorism
testament testomony
today nowadays
torpid  lethargic
touchdown landing
touchy  sensitive
transform  convert
transitority  temporary
transparent obvious
trustworthy reliable
twister tornado
twosome pair
ultimate  final
uncommon  unusual
uncooked  raw
undeniable  indisputable
understandable  comprehensible
unforeseen  unexpected
unfortunate unlucky
unhurt  unharmed
uninjured unhurt
unlawful  illegal
unmarried single
unstated  unspoken
untimely  premature
untrue  unfaithful
unusual strange
unvoiced  voiceless
uprising  rebellion
usually generally normally
vacancy emptiness
vacuum hoover
vague indistinct
vain  useless
valueless worthless
vanquish conquer
vary differ
vast  huge
virtue  advantage
visualize  imagine
warrantly guarantee
winery  vineyard
withstand  resist
zenith  peak
